Add Linux support bundle script (#208)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: docs/troubleshooting.md

## Gathering Support Information

If you are unable to determine why something is not working then you can [email
support](mailto:signalfx-support@splunk.com). When opening a support request,
it is important to include as much information about the issue as possible
including:

- What did you try to do?
- What happened?
- What did you expect to happen?
- Have you found any workaround?
- How impactful is the issue?
- How can we produce the issue?

End-to-end architecture information is helpful including:

- What is generating the data?
- Where was the data configured to go to?
- What format was the data sent in?
- How is the next hop configured?
- Where is the data configured to go from here?
- What format was the data sent in?
- Any dns/firewall/networking/proxy information to be aware of?

In addition, it is important to gather support information including:

- Configuration file
  - Kubernetes: `kubectl get configmap my-configmap -o yaml >my-configmap.yaml`
  - Linux: `/etc/otel/collector`
- Logs and ideally debug logs
  - Docker: `docker logs my-container >my-container.log`
  - Journald: `journalctl -u my-service >my-service.log`

>   - Kubernetes: `kubectl logs my-pod >my-pod.log`

Reviewer: On k8s you have to give name of the container if there is more than one. Also adding describe since the events it gives are sometimes useful.

```suggestion
  - Kubernetes: 
      `kubectl describe pod my-pod`
      `kubectl logs my-pod otel-collector >my-pod-otel.log`
      `kubectl logs my-pod fluentd >my-pod-fluentd.log`
```

Support bundle scripts are provided to make it easier to collect information:

> - Linux (if installer script was used): `/etc/otel/collector/splunk-support-bundle.sh`

Reviewer: Don't think support script should be in /etc. Maybe put in /usr/bin or some other /usr path we're using already.

Author: Will address in #221

# Troubleshooting

Start by reviewing the [OpenTelemetry Collector troubleshooting
documentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/master/docs/troubleshooting.md).

## Gathering Support Information

If you are unable to determine why something is not working then you can [email

> support](mailto:signalfx-support@splunk.com). When opening a support request,

Reviewer 2: Should there be a stipulation to be an existing customer or is this open to all?

Author: Ah, good call -- must be a customer. I will update.

> If you are unable to determine why something is not working then you can [email
> support](mailto:signalfx-support@splunk.com). When opening a support request,
> it is important to include as much information about the issue as possible

Author: ```suggestion
Existing customers unable to determine why something is not working can [email
support](mailto:signalfx-support@splunk.com). When opening a support request,
it is important to include as much information about the issue as possible
```

### Is Fluentd configured properly?

- Is td-agent running? (`systemctl status td-agent`)

> - If you changes the configuration did you restart fluentd? (`systemctl restart td-agent`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you changed the configuration did you restart fluentd? (`systemctl restart td-agent`)
```

- While every attempt is made to properly configure permissions, it is
  possible td-agent does not have the permission required to collect logs.
  Debug logging should indicate this issue.

> - It is possible the `<parser>` section configuration is not matching the log events

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- It is possible the `<parser>` section configuration is not matching the log events.
```
